the most extraordinary environments
criminal dark
fetid
evil places
i'm talking about the dismal science of
economics neo-liberal economics he would
just go in there
and he would look around in a place
where nobody ever returns i mean he
would just go in there utterly utterly
dangerous he'd look around he'd say
why
why don't you why don't you change this
into something based on
uh consensus what's this debt
threat why the debts you just start uh
uh dismantling the evil
with kind of a shrug at the shoulders
and that impish uh smile on his face
and we would watch him
and he should have been he should have
been completely dismantled by now by
by
by the neo-liberal henchman but he just
walks around inside that darkness
and david
all those economic people that got so
angry with you because because you were
so so uh
friendly and nonchalant and and
always acted like it was just something
that anybody could deal with and you
taught us to deal with it that way
we started doing the same thing instead
of going in like economics people full
of defensive rhetoric and uh mysterious
professional
hooba joby just go in and be human
and that's what we've got to have right
now we need that blessing we've got
we're locked down again here in new york
we're in lockdown
lena comes home from school somebody's
positive now suddenly we lock the doors
we've got it
i just feel like we've got to have we've
got to have the ability to go into this
dismal time
and just shrug our shoulders and say
well
let's find a positive here
something's going on the earth is giving
us a message he would have some don't
you don't you think that's true people
he would have something to say about
even the pandemic
he would make it a good thing that we
could deal with
that's a blessing i want right now for
all of us here at this birthday party
happy birthday david amen
amen
i say